.TH MOONUNIT-LT "1" "February 2008"
.SH NAME
moonunit-lt \- \fBLibtool\fP support for \fBMoonUnit\fP
.SH SYNOPSIS
moonunit-lt [\fB--plugin\fP \fImodule\fP] [\fB--wrap\fP \fIcommand_prefix\fP]
<moonunit parameters | \fIlibtool_archive\fP>...
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmoonunit-lt\fP allows uninstalled libtool archive (.la) files
to be used with \fBmoonunit\fP. Libraries will be relinked as
necessary and parameters rewritten before invoking \fBmoonunit\fP.

This script allows \fBMoonUnit\fP tests to be compiled and run
as part of a project built with \fBlibtool\fP.  All types of
libraries, including static, are supported.

.SH OPTIONS
\fBmoonunit-lt\fR expects a list of parameters as appropriate for
\fBmoonunit\fR, with the exception that libtool archive files may
safely be specified.
.PP
In addition, the following options are available:
.PP
.IP \fB--plugin\fP\ \fImodule\fP
Allows \fImodule\fP (which should be a libtool archive) to be
found and loaded as a \fBMoonUnit\fP plugin.  This is useful
for testing a new plugin within its own build tree.
.IP \fB--wrap\fP\ \fIcommand_prefix\fP
Prefixes the invocation of \fBmoonunit\fP with \fIcommand_prefix\fP,
e.g. \fBgdb --args\fP.  This is used primarily for testing of
\fBmoonunit\fP itself.
.IP \fB-?\fP
Lists brief usage and option information in addition to that
provided by \fBmoonunit\fP.
.IP \fB--help\fP
Equivalent to \fB-?\fP
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
moonunit-lt mylib.la

Run all unit tests in the libtool library mylib.la.
.TP
moonunit-lt --plugin mylogger.la -l mylogger mylib.la

Run all unit tests in the libtool library mylib.la, logging
results using the logger plugin in the libtool library
mylogger.la.
.TP
moonunit-lt --wrap valgrind mylib.la

Run all unit tests in the libtool library mylib.la, with
\fBmoonunit\fP itself being run in the memory debugger \fBvalgrind\fP.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2007-2008, Brian Koropoff.  All rights reserved.

Redistribution in source and binary form is permitted under
the terms of the 3-clause BSD license.  See COPYING in the
documentation or source distribution for details.
.SH SEE\ ALSO
\fBmoonunit\fP(1), \fBmoonunit-stub\fP(1), \fBmoonunit-strip\fP(1)
